echo            7/tcp
echo            7/udp
discard         9/tcp
discard         9/udp
daytime         13/tcp
daytime         13/udp
chargen         19/tcp
chargen         19/udp
ftp-data        20/tcp
ftp-data        20/udp
ftp             21/tcp
ssh             22/tcp
ssh             22/udp
telnet          23/tcp
telnet          23/udp
time            37/tcp
time            37/udp
dns             53/tcp
dns             53/udp
bootps          67/tcp
bootps          67/udp
tftp            69/tcp
tftp            69/udp
http            80/tcp
http            80/udp
ntp             123/tcp
ntp             123/udp
printer         515/tcp
printer         515/udp
sip             5060/tcp
sip             5060/udp
sip-tls         5061/tcp
sip-tls         5061/udp
checkmk-agent   6556/tcp